Some example names: Joe Van Der Wals, Mary Van Trapp

 BEGALA 
Well, we'll debate that later on in the show. We'll have a couple of
experts come out, so I'll withhold my comments until then. Even as the
secretary of homeland security was putting his people on high alert last
month, a 30-foot Cuban patrol boat with four heavily armed men landed on
American shores, utterly undetected by the Coast Guard Secretary Ridge
now leads. Now, why has our president placed homeland security in the
hands of Republican political hacks instead of professionals, by the way?
Attorney General John Ashcroft, for example, is a career politician. He
lost an election to a dead man. Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge
is another career politician who was passed over by Mr. Bush for the vice
presidency. And Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security Asa Hutchinson is
yet another career politician and a graduate of the disgraceful Bob Jones
University. Apparently, Mr. Bush only turns to professionals when it's
really important, like political consulting.


 NOVAK 
Paul, as I understand your definition of a political -- of a professional
politician based on that is somebody who is elected to public office. Now
in your administration, the Clinton administration, there were these
members of the cabinet who by your definition were professional
politicians -- Lloyd Bentsen, Les Aspin, William S. Cohen, Janet Reno,
Bruce Babbitt, Mike Espy, Dan Glickman, Norman Mineta, Henry Cisneros,
Federico Pena, Bill Richardson, Richard Riley, 12 of them, not to mention
former Democratic National Chairman Ron Brown, and one of the great
professional politicians of all time, Bill Daly.
